Thank you for joining me again tonight.
We're going to pray. I'll
go over some of the things the Lord
showed us on Tuesday night. Hopefully,
it will bless you.
It's all, in my opinion, where the Holy
Spirit is leading me, and I'm
so thankful that there are so many of you
who
come out and pray with me on a
day-to-day basis.
As we keep growing and
reaching new levels, I'm so thankful for
every single one of you. I just want to
tell you thank you for being so
dedicated to coming and praying. Last video,
when we were together, what I
believe the Lord showed
me—some
of the things the Lord
showed
us—shook
me. I was excited
about it.
A lot of you wanted to know what black
onyx was.
You asked right off the bat, 'Brandon, can
you tell us what black onyx was? What is
this black onyx you're
seeing?'It
was something that the Lord was
hiding in a code.
I've
prayed over the black onyx now
for the last two days,
praying over what the Lord showed me.
Praying over this
new tech, is what I want to call
it—the
new
digital age,
the new industrial
revolution, right?
Yeah.
So,
I want to tell you what I saw
concerning Elon Musk first.
I saw Elon Musk coming out with a new
invention. Now,
Braden showed me the tech concerning
this, and it's old news. There are a lot
of people that have already—there was
a Black man that had made this tech,
and he had the idea to pull water out of
the air and create a box that was pretty
substantial. It
was a big box, and you would
have pure drinking water. Supposedly,
Mr. Beast and
the other guy—I don't know, he's a
NASA guy—were talking about it. So,
people sent me the video, and it's
from
like five months ago.
I saw
that Elon Musk was about to create
something that would be sent to
third-world
countries. Instead of drilling a
well into the earth, they would pull the
water out of the air.
But it was not a big thing.
What I saw being created and
thought of was the size
of something you would put in your
house
that would create up to
five
gallons of water a day. The size of
this, but it was run by solar power,
and it had a blue light in it to purify
the water.
It had some kind of blue beam. I saw
this blue beam,
but it was a box. It was like a cube,
and I saw a solar panel on the side of
this cube,
and it was powered by batteries that
run off a Tesla
battery—like
a small battery that
would be chargeable to create power
from
the
sun—that
also had
satellite capabilities
to have free internet.
It
would have Starlink running this;
it was an internet device and water
device that shot off a signal
to have internet in
areas that never had internet before.
And it was all linked to this box.
What's wrong?
They're saying something is wrong
with the sound. One second.
What happened?
Is it unplugged?
Let's
just pray over this live stream
tonight. We bind you, Satan, off of our
live stream,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels of
the Lord are camped around and about us,
Father. We thank you, Lord, for your
angels.
We thank you, Lord.
We cover the internet in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, that the live stream
functions like it's supposed to.
Is it working now?
Good.
Okay.
All right.
Do I need to start over?
I mean, you can hear it,
but
would it be
better if I start over?
Do you understand everything I've said
so far? It's important.
Tell us in the stream.
I don't want to waste y'all's time.
Can they hear me? Do you want me to
start over? Yeah,
73% say they don't want you to start
over. Okay.
All right. So,
this box that I saw
Elon Musk—I saw him creating this new
type of invention to produce water in
third-world
countries. And I saw it
going to Gaza and to
Africa. Instead of taking the money
and the time it takes to drill wells
into the earth—which takes a lot of money
for the piping,
the drillers, and all the stuff to
bring water into areas that didn't have
clean water—they were thinking outside
of the box to create water in
third-world
countries that was purified, and it
would create five gallons of water per
machine a day.
And I saw this box that would go into an
individual house that would run and just
pull the water out of the air.
Elon Musk was creating this somehow.
I could see Elon's face, and the Lord
said, 'Pray for
him.'And
I saw it being a missionary tool
for missions
to take clean water with you—boxes for
families. Now, five gallons for a
family. If a person drinks a gallon of water a
day—which
I don't know if many people
drink a gallon of water a day, but
I'm sure there are some of you; I mean, we
all
should—but
drinking enough water that was purified
by a blue light.
Okay. But the water was amazing. But it
was out of this box that had a solar
panel, that was communicating to
Starlink,
and I could see it. It was being
mass-produced
all around the world,
and it was another form of a
business like Starlink,
SpaceX,
Tesla—another
branch of something else
that he would do in the days ahead. Now,
I don't know when, I just saw something.
And so, the Lord said, 'Pray over
this.'So,
after Braden said, 'Dad, this technology
has
been out there for a
while,'this
man was on
Good Morning
America
or whatever it was, and he was talking
about how he's the one who created
it.
And then I saw Mark—what's his
name? Rober. Yeah,
Mark Rober and Mr. Beast talking about
it. Braden found the video, and they
took this, and you could just show the
picture. Don't play the
clip. This is the
technology. It's a box, but it's big. It
looks like a massive air conditioner,
like a condenser or whatever
outside.
But this is producing... Now, how much
water do they say this produces? I don't
think they said a specific
amount, but they said it was enough to
supply this whole building.
Okay, so it was enough to supply quite a
few. Yeah.
Okay. Well, I saw Tesla trying to
perfect it.
Elon Musk was trying to perfect it, but
it was two smaller devices that had
Starlink attached to it
now and solar-powered. Now, I think
this is interesting because Braden was
showing me all the tech behind it, and I
was saying this is what the Lord was
showing me, but there's going to be
something they'll use it for missions.
See, show this. I know you can't
show it because it's Mr. Beast, but you
can show the device. Yeah,
just mute it and show the picture.
So, you see how it brings in the air
and the water comes out and fills this
basin. Squeezing water out
of the air.
Yeah, they're squeezing the water out of the
air.
Okay. So, it comes in and squeezes out,
and then the people are able to drink
it. And they said it's so clean you
could use it in an operating room. Yes,
that's what this guy was talking about.
So, this is old news, obviously,
what I was seeing.
But I saw something to do with Elon
Musk. So, that was part of what I saw
this last week. 'Well, big
deal, Brandon.'Well, it is. It's a big
deal to people who don't have clean
water.
And so, I think it's exciting.
What does Elon Musk do with this? I
don't know, but we'll see in the days
ahead, I'm sure,
concerning humanitarian
aid.
Okay. Ready?
Who?
Yeah, this is the man that created it.
This is the man that created it.
He's the founder.
So, he made a big one.
Yeah,
so it's hard to bring that into a
village when it's big like
that. I saw a small one, the size
of a small TV,
and they were able to
have internet on it.
So okay, let's move on. Ready?
That is pretty cool though
for people who live in Gaza
who
need clean water,
because
drilling a well is
expensive. I think when we had our well
priced,
it was almost $10,000.
I just thought, 'Wow,
for just one well,
and that's in America.'What would it
take to drill a well in Africa or in
these other areas? I don't know,
but I'm sure it's not cheap.
Now, the Lord showed me
when we were praying
over this clean water for
the
people—new
water inventions coming out so people
don't
go thirsty anymore.
No
more
drinking out of a ditch in Haiti;
drinking
good, clean water.
Better than Starbucks
triple-filtered.
Let's talk about
what I saw. I saw
a
black
onyx
building.
I don't feel a release to tell you
exactly
what this is, but I saw a black onyx
building.
I didn't even know there was a
crypto called Black Onyx, so I'm
not adding to or taking away from
anything. People are
saying, 'This is what he's talking
about.'Braden
told me, 'No, that's not
it.'I
don't know what that is; I'm not
here to be an investment adviser.
I
am
telling
you a vision
and I
want you to pray about
it.
I'm never going to tell you to
invest in anything. I am not a
financial
adviser;
that's not what God's
called me to do. There
are
a lot of you that want
financial advice, and I'm not going to
do that ever.
It's all my opinion based on what
the Holy Spirit is showing me, and you must
take it to God in prayer because I'm just
human and
could be off.
I saw
a black building
rising up out of nowhere,
like a skyscraper
being built. It was built out of
black onyx, which represented something
very dark
and
evil.
It is the beast system,
the Antichrist system that
is about to rise.
I saw Elon Musk,
Jeff Bezos,
and
other billionaires
in
a row. It was all in blocks
concerning wealth. As the days
and months went on, some people's wealth
went up and down
like a bar graph.
As I watched this new thing
that I call Black Onyx,
it
rose
past all the other billionaires
on Billionaire Row, from Warren Buffett
to all of them.
This
represented
an
individual,
a new
tech billionaire
more powerful than Jeff Bezos,
who
will coincide
with Elon. They
will
go back and forth as the new world
superpowers, trading
places
at the
top.
This
vision was
concerning companies
more powerful than Google
or
Apple.
Apple
is worth a lot, but its wealth
is
spread out; there
isn't
one big billionaire like
Elon
over it.
Steve Jobs died, but then you have the
gray-headed guy over
there—I
guess he just got fired or
whatever and is looking for a new job.
I saw
Apple's
corporate
wealth
versus individual wealth.
As I saw both, this
individual's
shares
make
him
worth billions,
and his company will be worth
trillions.
It was going
above Google and Amazon; it
was
very
competitive.
I'm doing the best I can to
explain it.
It was
black onyx, and this was a crypto,
but it
represents
a
dark
beast system
for the future.
But the Lord said, 'What the devil meant
for bad, I'll turn it around for good in
your favor
for a wealth
transfer.'The
Lord said
He
can make billionaires out of this to
get the gospel
preached throughout the whole world for
those who
get in at the beginning.
You will have to have ears to hear
what the Holy Spirit is
telling you, because it will be
greater than Apple
and
Google.
These are the richest people in the
world:
Bill Gates,
Warren
Buffett—it's
all going up.
There you see Elon;
he passes Jeff.
This new individual
will
be more powerful than Jeff and
will compete with Elon.
It was built
like a black
tower with
sharp
sides;
it
looked like it would cut you. But
the Lord said, 'I can make billionaires
out of the beginning of this.'Nothing
is
going to stop it because
we know
the end times are right at our
doorstep.
I'm excited
because I know Jesus is coming sooner
than later.
Am I sad to see all this happen?
Yes,
because we know the
result for a lot of people. The
end is here,
and we're praying that every one of you
comes
to the saving knowledge of
Jesus Christ,
but the beast system is coming out in full
force right now.
I could see this new Black
Onyx
thing coming.
We've talked about Cuba all the time,
and the Lord said, 'I'm going to
liberate Cuba. There's going to be a
major revival in Cuba; I'm going to
shake
Cuba.'There
are
going to be three major hubs of
churches in Cuba
and
new businesses. I saw a new
waterfront, a new SeaWorld coming
to Cuba,
a SeaWorld coming that had roller
coasters and an amusement park. It was a
cruise destination. Cuba
looked like the place to be.
I
saw hotels, golf courses,
and
major money being poured into Cuba.
I saw major cigar
factories producing
Cuban cigars for
the
Western world and
whoever has
not been able to have
them because they're illegal.
Go ahead and play President Trump.
Let's listen to those
clips. Now, listen to what they're
saying because it goes with the
prophetic word,
the word of wisdom,
or
whatever you want to call it, the
vision of what the Lord has told us.
Now, we've been talking about this for
well over a year
and now it's in the
news. So, we see the news before the
news happens.
Go ahead.
I want you to play it.
Marco's parents,
as
you know, were from
Cuba.
We have a lot of expertise in Cuba.
It's not
going to be like the biggest thing we've
ever done, but I will tell you to a lot
of people it's going to be one of the
most important. They've been looking for
this moment for 65 years.
So, we'll see what happens. But
in the meantime, we're
going to have to help them out. They
have no
way of living. They have no food,
no electricity, no
energy at all.
But they do have great people; there
are
a lot of great people. I have
so many Cuban friends in Miami
and
Florida,
and they're unbelievable people.
They're unbelievable entrepreneurs
and they'd like to go back. I think they
are
hopefully going to want to live
here, but they want to go back. Maybe
they'll invest. We'll see what happens.
But
we're freeing up Cuba.
Next clip.
This guy's belly button is really
strange; he needs a healing there. To intimidate
the Cuban government?
No, not at all. Cuba, look, it's a
failed country. Everybody knows it. They
don't have electricity. They don't have
money. They don't have really anything.
They don't have food. And we're going to
help them along. We're going to help
them because, number
one, I want to help them on
a humanitarian basis. But
we have the Cuban-American population,
much of it living in Miami and Florida.
That's a great group of people, an amazing
group of people, industrious;
they're great Americans.
They've wanted this to happen.
They want to go back to their country
and
help their country. I hope
they're going to stay here, but they
want to go back. They want to invest in
their country and see if they
can bring it back.
Other presidents have looked at this
for
50 or 60 years
and
it looks like I'll be the one that
does it. So we'd be happy to do it. We
want to open it up to Cuban Americans
where they can go back and help.
So the word the Lord gave us is
happening.
Listen
to Byron.
Look at Byron. Remember I told you to
watch Byron?
Watch Byron first and
foremost.
Go ahead.
The regime has to end. I
agree with what my colleagues
have said about Raúl and the family. Of
course, we want him in jail, but if they
leave, they leave. The second key thing
is going to be working with whatever
semblance of government that exists in a
free Cuba to reestablish the
constitution that works for the people
of Cuba, to actually have a system of
security, a system where you
can set up a judicial court system to
operate. You have to also figure out
how you're going to manage direct
foreign investment that would go to
an
open and free Cuba, how you're going
to guarantee contracts and that type of a
system. Florida stands ready to
cooperate with a free Cuba.
We stand ready to do that work. Our
port systems, both our seaports
and our airports, are fully equipped and
ready with investment moving through the
United States of America coming from
Florida to help the Cuban people
stabilize that country and then to
reopen it as a free society. But I want
to stress Florida will fully cooperate
with a free Cuba. Florida will not
cooperate with some amalgam of a new
dictatorship if the Castros are gone.
I said they're going to remove all the
Castros.
In the days ahead, I saw
Marines,
I saw Navy Seals,
I saw people coming in the night.
Now, listen to what he says. What
did
Rubio say?
Remember when you showed me? He said,
'We're not going to tell you where we're
going to do
it.'He
said, 'We're not going to tell you
when we're going to do this.'He goes,
'Why would we tell you?'I know it's a
dumb question. Remember that?
Well, if you don't want to play that, play
the other one with the old man while
you're getting that one because it blessed
me.
The gray-headed old guy. We got to move
quick. We're late.
Play him.
He left Cuba in 1961 when he was just
15 years old. That
is correct.
Tell me about what today means in the
news of the indictment of Raúl Castro.
It means some justice
for the Cuban people
for 67 years. Sorry, we have been
ignored
by everybody: the United
Nations,
the Organization of American States,
the European Union, everybody.
So,
we hope this is the beginning of the
downfall
of the Castro regime.
Sorry,
I'm
a
little emotional.
And
we're ready to go back
and help in the reconstruction
of our country
with work, with money, with
investment,
and
with love
that has been lacking in
Cuba for the last six decades.
Oscar, thank you so much for sharing
your perspective. I know you're getting
emotional because this is a huge day for
the Cuban community.
It blessed me
because I appreciate it.
Yeah,
met with them recently. The CIA director
was down there a few weeks ago. There's
some State Department communications
that occur. I just don't see a lot of
At the end of the day, they got to make
a decision. Their system doesn't work.
Their economic system does not
work. It's broken. And you can't fix it
with the current political system that's
in place. They just don't comprehend how
to do it. And it's a failed state. Like
their economy and the model they're
trying to follow in Cuba doesn't
resemble what anyone is doing anywhere
in the world. I mean,
there are other ways to do it that can
provide the people of Cuba prosperity
and opportunity. And it's what I said in
the video to them the other day.
You look at Cuba, the Bahamas,
Jamaica, the Dominican Republic, and here
in Florida. Cuba's surrounded by places
where people have the right to do things
like own a business, work for
themselves,
and be able to vote for the
leaders that govern them or replace
them. So, if that's possible all around
Cuba, why is that
not possible inside of Cuba? And right
now there just doesn't seem to be
people over there in charge of the
regime who are in any way open to any of
those changes. And the things they've
talked
about economically are cosmetic in
nature. They're not real because that's
what they've gotten used to all these
years is just buying time and waiting us
out. They're not going to be able to
wait us out or buy time. We're very
serious. We're very focused.
As I told you a moment ago in the
context of Iran, the president's
preference is always a negotiated
agreement that's peaceful. That's always
our preference. That remains our
preference with Cuba. I'm just being
honest with you. You know, the likelihood of that
happening given who we're dealing with
right now is not high. But if they have
a change of heart, we're here,
and in the meantime, we'll keep doing
what we need to do.
It sounds a lot like nation building.
The administration doesn't believe
in using force
for
nation building. It's not nation
building.
We are addressing something that's
directly related to the national
security of the United States. We are
involved in places all over the world.
You're asking me about Ebola. Important,
but Ebola is in Africa. Cuba's 90 miles
from our shores. So if you have a
systemic meltdown in that country, which
is where they're headed, their power
plants, by the way,
the reason why their power plants break
down, they've been having blackouts for
years. They had major blackouts last
year, and they were still getting free
Venezuelan oil. They haven't spent a
penny in fixing their energy production
or
their electrical grid. They don't
spend any money on that stuff; they
pocket it.
They have a private military company
named GAESA who's sitting on $18 billion
of assets, and not a penny of
that transfers over to the state budget.
Not a penny of that goes over to help
the people of Cuba—not one cent. So
even if they had all the diesel in the
world, they still wouldn't be able to
generate energy because they've
stolen the money and haven't invested in
their energy infrastructure. So you're
heading
for a failed state. That's what
you have now. But it's 90 miles from our
shores, so we'll be impacted by the
migratory crisis, by any violence and
instability that happens there.
It directly implicates the United
States'national
interest. So the future
of Cuba belongs to the people of Cuba in
terms of how they're governed, what the
system looks like, and so forth. But
the national security threat
is
100% something we're going to focus on
because that's about America.
I loved it.
Praise the Lord.
It's time
for the Cuban people to have a major
revival.
And as I saw in this, I saw that
leader
sacrificing chickens and drinking the
blood down in
what
looked like a cellar below this
house. It was a beautiful white house
with a
red
roof that had tiles on it. And he was
killing these chickens and looking at
President Trump's picture.
And as he was doing this—and I don't
focus on the
darkness—I
saw him start to shapeshift into a
dog, his face,
but I saw a man in the corner who had
antlers on his head, doing some kind of
dance with his shirt off,
and they were doing satanic stuff
against our president. And the Lord
said,
'Intercede.'And
I saw they had a lead case
with a device that could not be
sniffed out by our sniffers that was
given to them by the Russian government
from the 1960s
Cuban Missile Crisis.
They have weapons that we don't know they
have. But as I saw this, he was
going to set this thing off
trying to retaliate from America coming
within to make it uninhabitable on this
mountain. There was a mountain there,
and they had a base in this mountain,
and there were gold coins and gold bars
all inside of this mountain
and $100 bills,
and they put it on a boat.
He didn't fly out. He went to the
Dominican Republic
through a system in Cuba
to get away. And he got in a boat and
Claudia
kept
him—Claudia
kept him in Mexico at a resort,
hiding the leader of Cuba. In the days
ahead,
he goes to
the
Dominican Republic and flies out in a
private jet.
He didn't fly out of Cuba.
He took a boat,
and it's 400 miles away to the Dominican
Republic from what I understand from the
point of Cuba where I saw him leaving.
So, this is the kind of stuff I saw.
And I saw when it comes to the CIA, I
saw projects
that were dark,
that were
worse than waterboarding in these rooms.
I saw things that were very dark.
But the Lord said he was exposing
things,
and I saw finances coming
to Cuba from America with investments.
But the Lord said, 'Pay attention to
Cuba. Don't underestimate your
enemy.'How
many times the Lord said that? 'Don't
underestimate your enemy. Watch Cuba.
Watch Cuba.'And I've had video after
video; the Lord said, 'Watch
Cuba.'The
mules,
the
balseros.
Don't underestimate your
enemy. The Lord said they're cocky;
'We're going to do this, we're going to
do that.'But I say they have a
stronghold of people with blue uniforms
that
are the resistance
to this because they're loyal to the
Castros
and to the leader there now.
And I saw a loyalty that I was
praying,
'Lay down your arms.'But I saw gang
leaders like
MS-13 gang leaders—that's the
only way
to tell, I don't know how else to
say it—in Cuba that were like drug lords
for prostitution,
drug trafficking, and such coming out of
Cuba
that
was connected to Colombia and
Venezuela.
They were like bosses,
but I saw a free Cuba coming.
But there were our men and women of service that we pray over
who
would go
in in the middle of the night and invade
with tech like I've never seen. I saw it
go dark
with cyber warfare
to
be able to infiltrate
and
take over more easily. But
he was in a bunker in the mountain.
He was in a bunker, and there was one way
in and there was a secret way out, and I
saw they couldn't get out with a
helicopter.
So,
those are the things we've been praying
over for quite a while and now we see
this stuff in the news today.
It hasn't happened yet, but
we see the birthing pains of it. So,
it's pretty accurate so far.
To the people who don't believe in
it, you don't have to watch.
But I'm telling you, a great revival, I
believe, is coming to Cuba
and a great shaking to awaken.
And I believe with all my heart, it's
sooner than later.
Why?
Because we're looking at the end of the
end. And God said, 'I want the Cuban people
to have a major
revival.'So
when the day happens, you'll
remember
the Lord said it.
The Lord said it, not Brandon.
We always attract to deflect;
it's always about giving glory to Jesus.
The same with Israel striking Iran. I
said in the days ahead, I did not see
America striking Iran anymore.
I saw
Israel doing it and people get very mad
at Israel for what they're about to do.
America pulls back.
I saw America pulling
back
and Israel going full force one time.
Boom.
With devices we've never seen used
before.
And it would be used on the mountain. And
the mountain was glowing
in the dark.
It was glowing. Now, I know that's a
metaphor—I
don't think it really is
glowing with green light—but I saw
Israel about to use tech with some kind
of device that has never been used
before.
And it made the mountain where you
couldn't go in it to get this
uranium.
Okay?
And I said, 'Watch, pray for
Israel.'I
saw an attack coming against Israel that
was worse than the one that happened in
October.
It happens in the middle of the night.
They use chemical weapons on the
people this time with sprayers.
It was a mustard-looking color. It was
yellow.
And they spray them and the trucks
come out of the mountain
and they're brought across
Syria
into Damascus,
coming across Iraq at the top, and they
brought it in a truck
and they were 50-gallon drums
and they gave it to, I believe it was
like Hezbollah.
So,
those are the things we're praying over
because
I saw them trying to strike
Israel,
and so we continue to pray for
Israel.
We believe we have power and authority
and we pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We pray for the peace of Israel.
We pray for the covering over their
people, their innocent people,
and we pray that Iran is liberated. The
Lord said, 'I'm bringing a great revival
to Iran
and I will shake Iran for the
underground church will rise up and they
will have a window.'And the Lord said,
'Pray for the gray-headed man with the
bald head, the prince, because they said
in the days ahead, I saw him be
assassinated.'And
the Lord said, 'Pray
for
Reza
Pahlavi.'I
saw him being a leader there for a
season, trying to speak out
and do stuff, but then they took
him out with a sniper.
He was speaking
and I saw a new leader
coming up out of Iran. But when
this happened, the Prince of Persia
shrunk back for a season and I saw Iraq
coming up and I saw blessing coming up
out of Iraq.
I know I go over these words a lot,
but there's a lot of things the Lord
gives us and it gets
buried
and people accuse you. 'Well, Brandon
is
buried. We don't know what you say
all the time. You speak for three
hours.'I
don't want anybody to get lost in this. And I
am
not trying to hide
anything.
I try to bring everything out as much as
I can remember to
rehash it so you'll remember it, because I
believe in my heart it will come to
pass.
So,
here we are.
Let's see what happens next.
Praying over Taiwan for an invasion
from China,
with
North Korea being a part of it.
Praying over Ukraine
and
Russia.
I'm curious about what happened
with the meeting with him and
Xi,
and the
big event they had this week.
They had a cooking class together;
I
thought that was kind of fun.
They did a cooking
thing. Best friends that could hold hands.
I thought, "Are they having a cooking
party?
They're making dumplings and
stuff."Isn't
that kind of interesting?
Two men like that
having a dumpling party,
making some kind of crepes.
I
thought it was kind of funny. I
guess it shows they like
cooking,
but whatever.
Next,
look, see, they even have a portrait
together. They're all
hanging together in a portrait. It's a
painting.
They're like best friends. I'm
surprised they're not holding hands.
Putin's excited about it.
Best friends,
I guess. Is Trump not invited?
He didn't get to be in the picture.
I wonder what Trump's thinking:
"Well, you didn't make a picture of
me."Look,
they could put their flags
together. Let's clap.
2026, 2027—what's happening?
Oh,
shake hands.
"You're my friend. See, we did more than
Trump and you,
right?"A
hundred
thousand
Russians study Chinese, including
20,000 in
educational
courses in China,
right?
Their kids are starting to learn Russian. So, they let
him start
Russian.
They're going to shake hands.
And then they did oil deals. I
swear,
didn't you hear President Trump say my
party was better than his?
What we do was better than
theirs.
I thought it was funny; I laughed.
They're so competitive.
Look, there they are again,
shaking
hands.
Unity being shown.
Now, this is interesting.
These men were on a hidden assignment to
attack Israel. Look how they are
hiding.
They were going into Israel to
attack.
You see them?
They're hiding in a trailer bed on a
semi,
similar to
the way I saw the children
being smuggled in from Mexico.
This is a semi-trailer bed
and they're hiding in there.
That's the driver.
They don't show the
whole
semi; this is just
the bed of it.
But at least they caught
them.
They didn't have anything
in
the load. It would probably have been
more believable going down the highway
with some bananas or something in
it.
Pretty dumb.
Next, he indicted that Castro, and then
NASA.
Remember I said in
the days ahead—remember this before
they even said
it—I
put it in the picture
at
the beginning of the year. NASA says
they're going to build the new
moon base. Tuesday, May 26, is a live
news event where we'll share updates on
our lunar exploration plans.
They want to build a new moon base,
and
this is what we're hearing
today. Go back to the picture.
I told you this was coming
at the beginning of the year.
I said they're going to talk
about making a moon base and it will be
in the news a lot.
Here it is.
Join us at 2:00 PM on the 26th,
which is
next Tuesday.
I don't always try to
point
out that we're accurate,
that the Lord's accurate, or
that
the stuff I'm bringing to you isn't
flaky
because there are so many haters,
but I'm trying to show you this is the
stuff the Lord's showing us.
We told you about it clear back here.
Where's the moon base?
That's the rocket.
See, I told Braden to make it next to the rocket. And they did
it. They put the men in it just like the Lord
said, and it went around
the moon. I said
they're going to
make a moon base
right next to it. Do you see that?
This is what we gave you for
January. These
are
all the things we saw back in
September,
October, and November.
Then I said they were going to
invade Iran again. Look, that
was what the bomber was.
And they did it. Look at the oil
wells burning. I said the oil wells will
burn.
It's all glory to God.
People
ask me all
the time, "Brandon, have you missed
it before?"Yes, I have.
I've
missed it,
and I'm learning just like everybody
else. You go through life and you learn
through trial and
error.
Some lessons are harder than others,
but that's how you learn. When you
stumble and fall, you pick yourself
up and keep walking.
Do you remember the blood
moons back in 2015? That
was a time of learning.
Look at this.
May
27.
This is the new Passion of
the Christ.
The Lord said he was going to use
this film to bring in a great harvest.
That's exciting.
This is what we've been praying for. Mel
Gibson. Is that the Jesus?
I think so. It looks kind of like
Jim Caviezel,
doesn't
he? I
hope he's a good Jesus.
We saw great revivals.
We were praying for the
theaters and for Mel Gibson
to keep accurate with the Word. We
saw a great revival coming forth out of
theaters. I saw people stationed
in theaters who went to
all of them with tracts
to witness to the people as they were
crying. They
were able to be reached. I saw
people who spent their whole day there
handing out tracts to the ones
who
needed Jesus.
Some of the
theaters didn't say anything because they
bought a ticket
and just went out. The
church stationed people at these
theaters to bring in the harvest.
I believe it will be a huge box
office hit.
Moving on,
I
was praying for
this pastor in California.
The Lord showed us a man that God
was going to use on the West Coast
to be
a place of revival like Azusa Street.
The Lord said He's going to do
something very different at this man's
church. He has a gray beard.
Braden found him because of the
comments
saying, "This
is who he is."His name is Joe
Sweet.
I'm sorry if I butcher your
name, sir, but the Lord was showing us
about this pastor in California and
that he will
have
Shekinah
worship.
That's what we saw also. Then
concerning John Kilpatrick and finances, those
were
the highlights.
I know I probably already went an hour of
it, so we'll just stop now.
It's
pretty close to an hour.
I saw a major revival coming
to this church;
it would come out of prayer
and it would shake the area.
It would shake California. And the Lord
said, "You've asked me, Brandon, about the West
Coast..."You've
asked me about pastors on
the West Coast. And he said, "I'm going to
use this
man."I'm
not familiar with his
ministry.
I don't even know if he preaches the
Word of Faith or whatever he preaches. I
believe
if the Lord tells me about him,
obviously he's going to be a man of
integrity and he's going to walk with
the glory because that's what it takes.
I just tell you what I
see.
You say, "Well, I don't like
him."I
don't care what you like. I'm telling
you what the Lord said.
Whatever.
I know that the Lord's going to use
this man. That's what the Lord told
me and that's what I stand by when I
hear something like that. But I was not
seeing Bethel.
People say, "What about
Bethel?"I
haven't seen Bethel. I've seen some
things about Bethel, but I keep that to
myself.
I just pray over them.
I'm not here to be a spiritual
police.
I'm here to tell you what the Lord tells
me to say, and I walk away from it.
All right, let's take communion and
pray.
I'm not picking any congregation. I
have to be careful because I don't want to
grieve the Holy Spirit or I'll get in
trouble.
I'm not picking on anybody. The Lord just
said specifically: "This man with the gray
beard."Know
that I'm not picking
on
churches because I'd have to
repent and come back here and tell
you I got corrected.
That's not my job. The Lord didn't
tell me to do that. If he tells me, I'm
always bold about it, but I do it in a
way that is not rude.
You can
correct without having to be
rude like that.
I watch certain people and I
see—it
doesn't matter.
Father, I thank you for the
body.
I thank you that we're always
in the right place at the right time
doing what you've asked us to do.
I'm so grateful, Father, that you've
called us to the kingdom for such a time
as this.
We're healed and whole and well in
the name of Jesus.
There's an expiration date to
everything we've been believing for.
It's time to believe God for
bigger.
Lord, I didn't obey you, did I? I
saw this.
Give me a couple more minutes.
Let's take communion and I'm going to
tell you what I saw.
He told me to tell you about this
angel.
I take this body in the name of Jesus,
and we lift it up before you. We
thank you, Lord, that we are healed and
whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We give you glory, honor, and praise
in the mighty name of Jesus. By
your stripes, Lord, we are healed, and we
take this body right now in
Jesus'name.
Now we take the blood. We make much
of the blood, and the blood makes much of
us. Forgive us of our sins and any open
doors, whatever it may be, Lord. We
cover it in the blood, and we thank you,
Lord, that it never loses its power.
Great is your faithfulness to us, Lord,
as we yield to you, Holy Spirit.
We thank you that we are uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. We apply the blood of Jesus over
this atmosphere. We thank you, Lord,
for the angels of the Lord camped around
and about us.
We apply the blood in
Jesus'name.
We fear God and not man. Amen and
amen. I thank you, Lord. I hear your
voice, and a stranger's voice I will not follow.
We will not follow. I apply the blood of
Jesus
and thank you, Lord, for the blood. It
covers me from the top of my head
to the soles of my feet. The blood of
Jesus covers me in Jesus'name. Amen and
amen. Do you believe that?
If he wants to show us anything,
we'll see it uninterrupted and unhindered
by any satanic or demonic force.
Praise the Lord. I'm going
to get to this real quick.
The Lord said the black onyx
is connected to the angel.
Do you remember
I told you I was in a
group with the man with no face?
An
angel walked up to me and I
wanted to tell people about this
investment,
but
the angel put his hands on my lips.
He had the most beautiful blue eyes
and he said,
"They're not dead; they can't hear it.
They're not dead. They can't hear
it."Until
they're dead to self, they won't
have ears to hear what the Spirit is
saying.
I said, "I want to tell the people. I
want to tell them so bad. They need to
know what's
coming."I
was outside and it was cold.
I could see
the mulberry bush, and there were red
mulberries all over the bush.
The angel said,
"Pay attention
to when the berries turn the deepest
red.
This is a sign for
you."I
went over to an Aston
Martin—which
I don't have,
but I went over to this car and I
believe it's symbolic for
something—and
I breathed on the glass
and I wrote the name of this company. I was going to do
it with my finger, but
I'm not going to do
it.
The angel said,
"Hush now.
They're not dead.
They can't see
it."I
said, "But I want—"I was
transparent. They couldn't see me. I was
dead.
I thought, "Man,
they can't see me. I'm yelling as loud
as I can and I'm even trying to write
it on the
glass,"and
they said they can't see it.
Then I went inside and I was having
a big Christmas party.
My wife was in a white kitchen.
She was getting the refreshments and
things for everybody.
The kitchen was a beautiful white,
glowing with
purity.
There
were
white countertops, white
shelves, white everything. The
white lights were so bright when she
came out, it was blinding.
There was a massive TV
that was playing
the news and the stocks.
Outside
the
window, I could see snow falling
and I could see the blue car down
below.
I saw all these people so
excited
about certain investments that had
happened and matured. They were
dressed in big Cosby
sweaters.
You know those big, nice 80s Cosby
sweaters?
They had beautiful sweaters on
with
all kinds of colors.
They were puffy and beautiful. They were
celebrating and so excited.
I was yelling,
"You don't know what's coming!
There's a storm coming! You don't know
what's coming!"But they couldn't hear
me.
I ran over to a pot
that
was in front of me.
The
pot was tempered; it had
dings all over it
and
was distressed.
I breathed on the pot
and I wrote into the pot.
My wife came out and she said, "I see
it!
I see it!
I see it!"But by the time she said she
saw it, everybody else saw it. But it
was too late.
They were looking at the screen, and the
stock market crashed. One of the
largest crashes in American history
happens.
It goes to the 1930s
in just a matter of
seconds.
They were standing on a rug,
and the rug was pulled out from
underneath them.
They were so excited for what they had,
but they didn't know what was coming.
There was something so much more.
As I was driving today,
the Lord said, "There
are
certain things that you
can only say in code, because those that
have ears to hear will hear, and it
will confirm to them what they're
supposed to hear. But the rest of them
cannot handle it. You'll be held
accountable for the ones that can't
handle it if it destroys their
lives."That's
what he said to me today.
He said, "You'll be held accountable in
the spirit realm for it.
What is it to gain the whole world and
lose your
soul?"That's
what he said.
So, I've meditated on
what things I can say and what I can't, based
on
what I believe the Lord has said to
me.
What is it to gain the whole world and
lose your soul?
Some people can't handle it.
They'll
never be able to handle
it
because they
aren't "dead"yet.
Where they're dead,
it will not destroy them because they're
already dead. A dead man tells no tales.
A dead man—like
it was—that's
Johnny Depp, right?
A dead man doesn't have emotions.
He's dead. It's like Billy Burke
told me. He said, 'Brandon,
you could
scream at a coffin
and none of them are ever moved by it
because as dead as they are,
they don't care because they're not
there.'And
Kathryn Kuhlman was dead.
People were talking so much smack about
her. He said, 'I was in a mall
and there were these bullies and they were
just ridiculing
her.'Billy
wanted to fight
because
he was so upset because these guys
were
saying stuff. He said,
'Ms.
Kuhlman, do you not hear what
they're
saying?'She
said, 'Oh, Billy, there
are
so many things
that I learned from the elders like
that. No matter what somebody says about
you, no matter what they're going to
say, if they hate you now,
they're really going to hate you in the
future.
The Lord already
said they are going to hate you for
what I'm about to do with you.
They're going to hate you.
I'll make you worth billions and they're
going to hate you.
Are you willing to take it?
I'm going to make you a billionaire
through some of the things that I teach
you.'And
folks, he's already made me
blessed.
I invest and do exactly what he's asked
me to do.
I took $10,000 and made it into a
bunch because
I listen
to him.
So don't hate me
whenever you see that I'm blessed,
because I've taken the time to listen to
him.
I ask nothing from
any
of
you.
Never have I ever asked for a dime.
Never have I solicited you for money.
Ever.
But know when these investments mature,
know they're coming.
Know this:
the Rolls-Royce that I buy, you
didn't pay for.
The Rolexes that I buy, you never
paid for.
So when it takes place, don't hate me
for it because you didn't buy it.
I listen to the voice of the Lord
and I do what he asks me to do.
The angel said, 'Many of you can't
handle it.'So
I am
only allowed to say what I'm
allowed to say
because it's all in my opinion. I'm not
a financial adviser, but he that has
ears to hear will hear it.
You can't get mad at people's gain
of what they've done when they
buy XRP at 11 cents
or
other currencies at 5 cents
and they went up to well over $3. And the
Lord says, 'Sell
when they go up, then I want you
to buy it
again.'Do
you know how many times I've done
that?
You don't because it's none of your
business.
But I've done it, and
the Lord has blessed
me.
People get mad about that.
If you hear God, he'll tell you
yourself, but you have
wax in your ears so bad spiritually that he
can't trust you with it because it will
destroy you.
And some of you are
occultic.
You're straight up from the devil.
He'll never tell you
the secret things because your heart's full
of poison.
But I'm going to tell you, God will show
you the secret things too, and it will
confound the wise.
He wants it to be that you're the
next Warren
Buffett,
the next Elon Musk.
When I told you Satan came
to me
and he filled my house
with this false light—it was
gray—and
he spoke to me. Satan spoke to me
and he said, 'If you serve me with that
gift,
if you serve me with how you see,
I'll make you worth
billions.'He
said, 'All you have to do is bow your
knee to me
and give your soul over to me,
and I will make you very
rich.'I'll
never forget it.
He had the most flowing, beautiful hair
I've ever seen. He was beautiful,
but his eyes were as black as onyx.
He made me scared
the moment he filled my house with
this. He came as an angel of light.
He said, 'You worship
me.'I
said,
'No.'And
the more I kept praying in the Holy
Spirit, he just sat there and laughed at
me.
Do you remember Thriller
with Michael Jackson at
the end? He goes,
'Ha!'That's
the way the devil was laughing at
me.
And I kept praying and I
said, 'Get out of my house in the name
of Jesus.'But I was so scared
because he was standing at the foot of
my bed
and I kept elbowing Diana, 'Please pray.
Please
pray.'I
left a bruise on her body and she never
woke up.
I said, 'Get up.
Pray.'I
was trembling under the fear
as the devil was sitting there
laughing at me.
I kept praying and the Lord said, 'Pray
in the
spirit.'So
I started
praying in tongues. And I said, 'In the
name of Jesus, get out of my
house.'The
moment I did that, the light turned
off and he disappeared.
Diana woke up. She said,
'What's wrong with
you?'I
said, 'The devil was in my
house.'She
goes, 'Tell
him to go get out of the house and
go back to bed,
Brandon.'I
don't think it
really registered with her that
he was really there,
but she didn't
care
either
way.
I told her the next day
and she goes, 'Bren, I've got a bruise
on my leg.'I said, 'I'm so sorry. I was
so freaked
out.'He
came back
right before YouTube
to challenge the word
and I knew it was him again. He spoke
really loud. He didn't manifest, so I
couldn't see him.
I said, 'Are you coming back to
offer me something else?'He goes, 'I
don't give second chances.
Once
you deny me once, I'll never offer it
to you
again. I've come to challenge the
word.'I
started to talk back and the Lord
said, 'Don't entertain him.
Tell him to go
now.'He
yelled loud.
The Father yelled
audibly.
It shook me. He said, 'Don't entertain
him.
Tell him to go
now.'I
did my job.
I went and got anointing oil.
I was cleaning my dog
when
he appeared.
There's only been one other time
that he did that.
But this time he was ticked off.
It was at the beginning of the year.
I tell you all that because I know where
we are in the signs of the times of the
coming Lord Jesus Christ. My
wife asked me today,
'Brandon,
where are we?
What do you think's coming
next?'And
I said, 'If I could just give you
the cliff notes of what I feel inside,
we're about to see some kind of shaking
event.
We're about to see a major shaking event
that will bring forth the great domino
to bring forth the great
revival.'There's
a major something. I
can feel it.
We're about to have something major
happen—an
earthquake
or
this alien thing
that they're all talking about.
Something major is about to take place
that will shake the church
out of the slumber that they're in.
And if it happens the way I see it,
we're out of here by 2028. That's what
I'm praying about.
I'm just being real with y'all, giving
you a cliff notes version. We have
about two years
going into the next Shemitah cycle. If
we see the revival this summer, if
we start to see a major event take
place and when I
talk
to Brother Hagin and the Lord allowed me
to, he told me the revival
will last for two years.
I just believe the
next Shemitah cycle we're
talking about with Jonathan Cahn during
the harbingers
will be in the 2028-2029 time
period. I believe
a
plague could happen,
a shaking to awaken. The
devil came up with a plan and I saw him
around the table with all
these principalities, and they were
talking about how to disrupt and stop the
revival that is about to happen on the
earth.
What do we do? What's our strategy
against it?
I saw them coming up with a plan to
try to bring forth another
kind of virus to try to
disrupt it, to bring forth this alien
thing. There are all kinds of things to
try to derail what God is about to do
with AI
because
you won't know what you're watching.
Is this real?
When we see that lady's arm grow out or
her get up from the dead, you know,
that's just AI.
AI just came out of nowhere, didn't it?
What is AI's intention: to try to get
you not to acknowledge the miracles
and question them? Is this God? Is this
the Holy Spirit? Or is this AI? For
what's about to take place, there's a
major disruption coming to try to
discredit the miracles. And I said,
'Doesn't that bother you,
Lord?'Blessed
are those that have not seen and yet still believe. Braden, blessed are those that have
not seen and yet still believe.
He's not shaken by it.
But the finances
are going to be for the outpouring. That's
what
I try to explain to the people all
the time. You don't understand how
much it costs just to have a church of
10,000.
The electric bill of that building that
we used to
go to was like $17,000 a month
for electric.
And people get all hung up on that and
they go, 'Are you kidding
me?'The
water bill was thousands just to flush
all those toilets.
To keep a building cold in
the South in July,
it costs bucks to run an air conditioner.
And people get all hung up on stuff like
that.
But I'm trying to tell you, the wealth of
the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
And if God can trust you with
little, he'll make you ruler over
much.
But he wants to show off in his
kids
that he's good. The devil does it all
the time.
You've
got Rihannas, you've got Billie
Eilish, you've got all these major pop
stars that give their souls over to the
devil and he blesses
them with finances like he tried to
do to me
and say, 'Listen, I'll do this if you do
this.'Everything
comes with a price.
And God's sitting back watching
it, but the wealth of the sinner is laid up
for the righteous. He owns the cattle
on a thousand hills. His streets are
paved with gold. He's making mansions up
there. He's got all this stuff going on.
And yet the body of Christ rejects all
of it,
and they go, 'Well, you know, it's
easier for a rich man
to enter into the
eye of a needle than for him
to...'I'm
butchering that scripture.
It's easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter
the kingdom of God. And so, you
just reject everything.
But it takes
boldness.
And that's whenever I'm telling you, he
said he'll make billionaires in the days
ahead. People, there you go. Thank you,
son. He found it for me. Matthew
19:24. 'And again I say to you,
it is easier for a camel to go through
the eye of a needle than for a rich man
to enter the kingdom of
God.'He
didn't say it was impossible;
he said it was easier.
Because money controls people. And I've
seen it.
It's the gold, the glory, and the
girls
that
usually take down big ministers. The
gold, the glory, and the girls.
God's not going to share his
glory with you,
and he isn't going to
touch the money. That's why he said to go
on YouTube. Don't ask them
for anything.
Don't solicit or have commercials
or do anything like the
advertisements I hear. 'Well, you know,
we want to sell you this gold.'Do you
know how much they've offered me to
offer certain investments on this?
Over $100,000 a month.
I'm not kidding you.
Huge book deals. Huge deals. A hundred
grand a month. Some companies have
offered me to do this on all my
channels.
I don't know very many of you that would
turn that down, but I have.
There's no advertisement for any kind of
anything in here.
I get a lot of views,
seven channels,
and they offer me
$100,000
a month,
and I've never taken it.
Book deals, they're worth millions, and I
have not taken
them.
And you go, 'What are you going to do
with
it?'I
sit there and I go, 'Wait,
I'm
already blessed through
the ad revenue
and the Lord's taking care of
us.'But
I look at
Diana's job doing her
accounting stuff and people, you
wouldn't believe it. After I brought it up
the first time, I had huge corporate
sponsors coming and asking her to do their
books.
Big business people wanting her to do
their books.
My God, we didn't know Diana had her
degree and they're offering her big bucks. 'Why
don't
you come over here and do
our
stuff?'Big
business people from South Korea.
You wouldn't believe the people that try
to reach out to my wife and me now.
Big business people.
And you just go... I've had
people fly in on jets say, 'Listen,
we'll pay you $50,000 for a
day.'And
I say, 'No,
no.'But
people don't want to hear it
and they get mad whenever you have
as much following as what we have. And I
just keep going.
Braden, is everything okay?
All right.
So, I just try to be real with
you where we
are in the end times.
Instead of fortune tellers,
people
try to come to prophetic voices and
pay them off.
They think it's for
sale.
And it's incredible to me. It
really is. You've got people coming from
all around the world that don't
understand the prophetic. They don't
understand this, that I've already told
you I don't feel like I'm a
prophet.
I just feel like I watch and they
said,
'We don't care. We want to be a part of
it. Tell us
how.'It's
not for sale.
So, it is what it is.
You'll never understand it until you
walk in it, until you start experiencing
the hype of the world. Because
I've
got celebrities watching me,
big celebrities,
big politicians,
and I didn't realize it until they
emailed.
And you go, 'Wow, would you sponsor
my campaign?
Will you do this for my
campaign?'No.
I don't know anything about that.
'Give me a
plug.''What's
a
plug?''Okay.
What do you want me to
do?''I
want you to say something for
me.''What
is that?''Well, we'll pay you. We'll
do this. I'll help you.
Can we go on your show and
talk?'No.
Why do you want to talk on my show? What
does that mean?
I just keep it... it's not mine. I just do
this for the Lord.
As
I told Diana, I could turn
it all off tomorrow and I could care
less. I did this. I was blessed before.
The Lord told me how to find stuff off
eBay and we find Chanel all the time and
flip it.
You can do eBay. People
don't understand you can make
$1,000
a day easily on eBay
like it's nothing.
1,500 bucks a day, $2,000 a day on eBay.
And people don't understand that
because you're not doing it right.
And people get mad about that. I go,
that's how silly some of you are, because God
gives you power to get wealth.
Does that make sense what I'm saying?
Maybe it doesn't to some of you, but
I just do me.
People thought I was exaggerating and
I said, 'You all have no
idea.'It
is what it is, though.
So, that's part of that. But I was
telling you about the angel, and that's
what the Lord told me to tell you about.
He will show you that which is to
come, the secret things. Show them the
scripture, the secret things and the
hidden riches.
I will give you—this is Isaiah 45:3.
Grab onto this.
'I will give you the treasures of
darkness
and the hidden riches of secret places
that you may know that I, the Lord, who
call you by your name, am the God of
Israel.
I will give you the treasures of
darkness
and the hidden riches of secret places
that you may know
that I, the Lord, who call you by your
name, am the God of
Israel.'Grab
a hold of that and use it
and put that in
your
Holy Ghost
gun.
Load it with something good.
So, we already took communion. We can
pray a little bit, but we can end it
there. But I just thought I would tell
you all that stuff because I feel like
there's a lot of you that needs to know
where we are in these end times and what
we're about to see there in the next
couple of months. What is a shifting
with the signs of the times going into
the fall?
There's a major something about to
take place.
And if we see the revival start to kick
off this year
before this next Shmita cycle
of 2028 or 2029? I
believe
so.
You
know we're getting
really close. I keep telling my wife, we
keep talking in the house,
'Brandon, do you think we'll go
past 2030?'I can't see past
2028.
I keep getting glimpses, and I don't
know if I'm looking into the tribulation
or not.
I
don't
know,
but I don't think we will go past
this timeframe. I really believe the
rapture of the church is coming sooner
than later.
So if we're still here,
we're still here, but I have a goal of
what I'm believing God for.
I'm looking for something.
So if we're here past September 20th
of 2028, then whatever;
we
keep occupying until He comes. But
at least you know Brandon's date of
what I'm believing for.
I'm believing for that date right there:
September 20th, 2028. That's the
date Brandon Biggs is looking for.
So that's what I'm praying
for right now.
September 20th, 2028.
Will we see it? I hope so.
If we don't, we keep going.
Isn't
that right, son?
The
Shmita year ran from September 2020
to
2022. It would go
into 2029,
but 2028 to 2029 is the
beginning of the Shmita year.
See, did you show them that?
Oh, God, please come.
Wouldn't that be so cool? So maybe it
would be at the end of it.
I haven't talked to Sister Billie about
that. Maybe it's September 9th
of 2029,
but either way, we're in the
timeframe
because it will start with a
seven-year
period.
She always talks about
Daniel's 70th
week—the
seven-year tribulation
starts
at
the
beginning of a Shmita cycle.
So Sister Billie always tells us if
it doesn't happen at the beginning of a
Shmita cycle at this timeframe, we have
a seven-year period again.
So if we don't see it during this
timeframe,
we have seven more years. That's what
she teaches,
and she's pretty knowledgeable. So
people say, 'I don't want to hear
that.'Seven
years on top of that would be
2036,
right?
So we'll see.
I don't think we'll be here until 2036,
but
could we see it during this?
Good.
All right.
How long have we been doing this?
An
hour and 30 minutes. Let's
just pray. We don't have to go
deeply,
but we can pray over
stuff. But at least I can tell you about
what I'm praying for and
where I believe we are,
in my opinion.
And Father, we just pray over our
president tonight.
We pray over everything that he puts his
hands to,
Father, that it will prosper in this nation.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that his
wife and his marriage is good.
And Father, I pray over his kids.
The angels of the Lord are camped around
and about
him:
over Don Jr., Eric, Tiffany, and Barron.
I got them all. And
Father, I cover them right now in the
name of Jesus from the north, the south,
the east, and the west.
I thank You, Father, for Your angels. I
thank You, Father, for the blood. I
thank You, Father, that it never loses
its power.
We apply the blood of Jesus and the name
of Jesus
over us
and over his family.
And we thank You, Lord, for Your angels
that protect them. I thank You, Father,
that the angels are protecting
his family,
that they're always in the right place
at the right time,
covered
all around them, Father,
that he takes no counsel from the
ungodly concerning
Cuba and Iran and the decision he's
about to make concerning America.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the
blood of Jesus Christ covers him from
the top of his head to the soles of his
feet, and that Antichrist spirit that
tries to come on him is not going to
come on him. We cover him in the blood.
We surround him in the blood. We thank
You, Lord, that the angels of the Lord
are camped around and about him in the
name of Jesus. Great is Your
faithfulness in the name of Jesus over
us
concerning America.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your
angels. I thank You, Lord, that You give
them
charge over us. And Father, I thank
You, Lord, that President Trump will
live long and finish strong.
There'll be no coups. There'll be no
nothing.
I thank You, Lord, that we win the Red
Wave as we see
Ilhan
Omar in Minnesota go down,
that You said the bees would come up
from the ground.
And Father, we see the corruption in
Minnesota being
uncovered in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord,
for the angels of the Lord
that are all around them,
that they are covering
every one of the FBI, the CIA,
and
Homeland
Security over this. That Minnesota would
be
uncovered—every
dark, evil thing—and that Mike
Lindell would rise up and be that new
governor.
I thank You, Father, for God-fearing men
and women running for office in
November,
that the angels of the Lord are camped
around and about it.
I thank You, Father.
Father, we'll see the greatest Red Wave
this world has ever seen before.
We'll see the greatest wave over
California, that California would say,
'I've had
enough.'And
that, Father,
the major move of God
would flow over California,
and that You would use
Joe,
and that there would be a major move all
over California
and that the Spirit of the Lord would be
known again in Hollywood.
Thank You, Jesus,
for the angels camped around and about
him.
And we're so grateful, Father,
that every single one of them comes to
the Son.
And they'll be
the loudest voice for
You.
And when this great deception tries to
take place over our nation, Father, Your
angels are covering it. And Father,
Your Holy Spirit
would convict the hearts
as the people would hear this
falseness; they would be able to discern
and know the truth from the fake
in the name of Jesus.
I thank You, Father.
They'll be able to see it.
They'll know that this is an alien, false,
demon deception, and they're going to
see it and know
immediately this is bad,
and they'll run
in
Jesus'name.
Father, I thank You. Your Bible
says
as the days of Noah.
Father, I thank You, there's a lot more
getting on the boat than just the
few that got on the boat:
Noah and his sons
and their wives.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're
raising up
a generation that is on fire for You,
and
they keep their eyes on You.
And Father, when we seek
You, we'll find You.
I thank You, Father, that the angels are
camped around and about every household
here tonight, and that
Father, You raise up a
standard against the devil.
When the enemy comes in,
Father, that we would be that salt in
the marketplace—in the Dillards,
the Walmarts, and
the Targets—wherever
they go. I thank You, Father,
that we would be the light
and that people
would see
and
know that God is a good God.
Father,
we are that voice in the
darkness. Every single one of us,
You would see it on our faces, the
light would shine so bright on us
that people
would know there's something different
about them
now. Father, I thank You for every
pastor, every evangelist,
that You'd give them a boldness in this
season like they've never had before. A
boldness to walk in
the supernatural, a boldness to speak
what You tell them to speak without
shying back and saying false things,
Father. But they'll rise up and be that
backbone like a crowbar. They'll
not preach a lukewarm gospel; they'll
preach an on-fire gospel.
When I
talk about the
devil,
I hate him because he comes against... I
don't want his manifested presence. You
start to feel it trying to come against
you,
especially when you're praying.
I bring it up so
you all know how real things truly are
in the spirit realm.
People don't understand how real
it
truly is
because they've never experienced it.
But the angelic side
and
the heavenly host side
is more real, with them fighting for us
than the devil coming against us.
But you have to yield to the
Holy Spirit and allow Him to flow
through you. He's a gentleman
and
an ever-present
help in a time of need.
Thank you, Father.
He'll station pillars.
I see stationed pillars
all throughout states.
It looks similar to a
number two pencil
with a light on it.
And it's one of those lights that spin
like a beacon, but I see it blue.
And each one has a pencil in strategic
cities
and
is
greatly to be praised.
I sing glory to Your name. There'll be
certain giftings
that each one of you will carry.
Some of you will carry something that has
never been seen before.
I see separate
giftings—this
is interesting. One has a gifting and
they have blue jeans on,
big bell-bottom blue jeans,
and I see a light on this individual
with
giftings that we've never seen
before.
He's about to do something that has
never been seen before,
like it was with Kathryn Kuhlman and
Jack Coe and all of them.
What's about to happen is the giftings
of those mantles
that have been unwrapped like a present,
that have been cultivated
year after year
under
the refiner's fire.
And He's presenting these giftings to
the world.
There'll be mantles and giftings
that there will be nothing you can
compare them to.
Some of them are gifts of song,
some of them are gifts of
music—worship
that is heavenly that has never been
displayed in the earth before.
Creative songs and creative worship music
will come forth out of the people with
these bell-bottom pants.
Heavenly worship, heavenly songs.
I see they are young people; they
look about 21 to 23 years old.
And there's a girl with an acoustic
guitar.
It's like that Lily Braden
out of
Australia—it's
like a blonde girl. And I
see it again: new heavenly sounds will
come forth.
Mantles of music, different flows of
worship like we've never heard
before. Heavenly sounds,
heavenly worship.
Worship will bring the manifested
presence into the service.
He said, 'Behold, I'm going to do a new
thing.
Don't have a preconceived idea of how
I've done it in the past to try to think
I'm going to do it the same way in the
future.
Expand your sights. Expand
your ability to believe Me for something
bigger and greater. For the harvest is
plentiful and the laborers are
few.'He
is the Lord of the harvest.
He is the Lord of the harvest.
That's
what it's about.
And what you're about to see is
something you've never seen
before—worship
and music played that will be
heavenly sounding.
You'll say, 'What are
you talking about,
Brandon?'Notes,
the way the instruments flow together.
We know how to play certain chords on a
guitar
or on the piano and it
sounds good, but it will be the way it's put
together and how the notes flow
together. Haven't we heard it all?
I don't know. What I'm hearing is
heavenly sounds.
I remember Kim Clement
singing certain notes. He would go, 'Sing it
again.'And
there was a certain note
when he would do certain music and he
would sing that certain note over and
over because it would bring a
manifestation of the glory of the prophetic
on his ministry when he would hear
certain notes.
And what I'm seeing right there is
certain notes, kind of like how people
hit the bells and you say, 'Well, the
bell brings a certain pitch.'Cast
out
these old bells;
there's certain frequencies
that are heavenly, bringing
forth the glory
that the Lord will use in the days
ahead—different
heavenly sounds.
People understand pitch.
Satan was over the music;
it's sounds that bring forth glory when
you're worshiping Him.
We give praises to Your name. New songs.
People sing it all
the
time, 'Oh Lord, praises to Your
name.'There's
going to be a new kind of
sound
for greater manifestations of the glory.
Does that make sense?
Coming up higher. Braden, I'm talking
to you. Yeah.
Creative ideas for the wealth transfer.
You might be the best pie maker that
ever walked the face of the
earth, and God gave you a certain
recipe and you mass-produce these
new pies
and you go, 'Well, I'm the next
Betty
Crocker.'And
God gave you an idea. And you go, 'I
made something better than Krispy Kreme
ever thought about
being.'Seeing
people walk in supernatural
giftings.
Don't despise what God's called you to
do. You might be the best writer
and write the best
book,
a
number one bestseller. You
have time. Write the book.
Listen to the spirit of the Lord and
what He's told you to do.
Whatever He does, He'll put His super on
your natural
for healings and manifestations of the
glory. I'm expecting—I don't want to
just see healings;
we've seen that.
Creative miracles.
Where there was no arm,
there'll be an arm.
Creative miracles. Where there were no
teeth, there'll be teeth.
Where there were no eyes, they'll grow
back. Things that the world cannot
explain.
Healings—they
try to take... okay,
whatever. But you won't be able to
discredit an arm growing out
when it was diagnosed that you're
physically handicapped and you've got the
paperwork and you say, 'Look, it even
says by the state that I can get
disability and my arm's back.'It grew
back.
Look what the Lord has done.
When things start to manifest and
there's no way in the natural for science to
ever do it,
all we can do is stop and give God glory
for it.
Watch what He's about to do. Unusual
things are about to break through.
You know, Billy
Burke, my friend, says that sometimes in
his
services, women's breasts will grow
back. They had cancer and they had them
removed, and their breast tissue comes
back and they get brand new breasts.
Why not see more?
What the cankerworm ate and did for
bad... what the devil meant for bad, God
turns
it and restores it back even
better.
Where they removed your uterus by a
hysterectomy and you've got a brand new
one.
Where the kidney was gone and then you
go back and you have an X-ray and the
kidney is there.
Where the liver was messed up and you
got a brand new liver.
Where you say, 'My thyroid was so
messed up and it was taken out,'and God
gives you a brand new thyroid.
Why not now?
I believe we're in the season where we're going
to see signs in the heavens like we've
never seen before.
Signs and manifestations of the glory
where you're going to know
that God's been there,
where your crops live and everyone
else's
die,
and you've got the most bountiful fruit
crop and everybody's going, 'How did
that happen?'Everybody else's trees
froze, but yours are alive, and they're not
only alive, they're the size of
baseballs.
You say, 'It's just Jesus.'And you sell it
to
them
or give it away or whatever God tells
you to do. But it could be for bringing
in the gospel
to pay for the church building or
whatever.
It's like the red zone at our church.
We're believing for the youth building
and they're
raising the money for it. Why do we
have to have chicken fries and
things to try to raise money for youth
buildings?
You
say
the money should be there. Well, we have a
state-of-the-art
youth
building. Why? Because the
Lord said, 'I'm going to do something
different with the
youth.'The
devil came after the youth hard, but
I'm coming after the youth harder,
Brandon. I
see
churches in Colombia, Cuba,
Colombia,
wherever.
I believe, Father.
Thank you, Father.
If you did it once, you'll do it again.
If you did it with Lester Sumrall,
you'll do it again. If you did it with
Kathryn Kuhlman, you'll do it again.
But Father, this time it's the
finale.
As I was looking at those pillars
of light,
those pillars of churches—these are
pillars of places of refuge.
These are pillars of places of refuge
that are coming. People are
coming where the light is flickering.
This
light is turning. The
light is turning. And people are going
to come
to these places.
Father, we're so grateful.
We're so thankful,
Father, for the Clarity Act to be passed
in the name of Jesus before the first.
We call the Clarity Act passed in the name
of Jesus, Father. No more blockages.
No more blockages,
Father, so that the wealth transfer will
begin.
We call it in Jesus'name. We call
for
the Clarity Act to pass, the Save
America Act to pass, and for the corruption
in Minnesota and California to be
uncovered in
Jesus'name.
Father, liberate
Cuba. There
will
be a great revival all
throughout Cuba in
Jesus'name.
We call it in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord,
for the healing
power that flows on the inside of us. We
thank you, Lord, that every
single person that is believing for
creative miracles in their body, healing
flows in their body in
Jesus'name.
Deliverance flows in their body in
The Greater One flows in their
body,
drying up cancer.
We call cancer to be dissolved and gone
in
Jesus'name.
I see this happening right now.
Cancer of the blood,
leukemias, being
dissolved right now in
Jesus'name.
Cancer of the blood going right now in
the name of Jesus. We believe, we
receive healing.
I believe
it.
We call for healing, wholeness, and
wellness.
Thank you, Lord.
It's of the uterus. It's of the female
organs.
It's tumors like cysts.
We call for healing, wholeness, and
wellness over that.
It's very painful,
almost like polyps.
The way I hear it is like a polyp.
I hear
this
word,
HPV.
Don't look it up, Brandon. I think it's
something gross.
I don't know what this is.
It's something to do with the
female
body.
You have to keep your
innocence. I don't know what this is.
And I'm not trying to be disrespectful
if you have it. I just don't
want my son Googling things.
I hear this word,
HPV.
It's not for my son to look up.
I hear
something about bumps.
It's something to do with
the
inside of the
woman's
body.
I see it on the inside of the
vagina.
And the Lord wants
to dissolve these bumps.
I know this is something to do
with the uterus.
I hear 'HPV'and the Lord said, 'I'm dissolving
this.'It's
like Holy Ghost fire dissolving
this out of the woman's body right now.
You have this; I believe it's
sexually
transmitted.
And the Lord says you're being healed
of this HPV stuff right now. Whatever
this is, it's something to do with your
female organs.
Father, I thank you for healing
HPV
right now in
Jesus'name.
I see an African American woman
that is overcoming this.
I see these
women.
The Lord is
touching you.
And if you're white or
Hispanic, whoever—I'm
not trying to
limit this, but I'm seeing a person
specifically who
has
had this and it
is
embarrassing and painful to
you.
Be free
in the name of Jesus. Fire of the Holy
Ghost,
drive
that out.
Fire of the Holy Ghost, heal this body in
Jesus'name.
Be healed
in
Jesus'name.
Fire of the Holy Ghost, drive
it
out.
Get it all out of there. Clean it up.
Healed and whole and well in the name of
Jesus today.
Hallelujah.
This is for
milk ducts
in a woman that are clogged.
Mastitis.
It's something just painful.
Fever in the breast.
Healed
and whole and well. It's like an
infection
from breastfeeding.
Healed and whole and well in that body
right now in
Jesus'name.
The ducts
have
fever.
It's painful.
Healed
and whole and well in the name of
Jesus.
Touch them, Father. No more pain.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
You're such a good God. You love people;
you want them to be free. Thank you,
Father.
I see eggs
in a nest
that are white with red dots on
them.
I see it by these cattails.
There is a nest that looks like a bird's
nest; it
is something
symbolic.
It's at a pond, at a water's edge.
There
are
four eggs.
They're white with red polka dots
on them.
These white eggs with red dots
are
huge, like ostrich eggs.
It's symbolic of something.
I see it next to the
cattails—the
ones that grow
by a pond, a river,
or
a lake
where the shoreline would be curved. There
are
these
with the brown heads on them. A
python is
coming to
eat those eggs today.
You
see this big anaconda-looking snake
trying to eat these people's eggs.
It's time for you to believe God for
bigger.
The devourer has been rebuked
concerning these eggs.
What is it about these eggs?
Somebody knows what
I'm talking about. It's speaking to you,
though
it sounds so weird.
But I'm just telling you what I see
concerning these eggs. It's something to
do with your pond.
Four eggs.
You've either seen this in a
vision before or in a
dream.
Breakthrough,
breakthrough, breakthrough.
There's financial breakthrough.
The Lord just said there's financial
breakthrough. He wants
you to
understand
the blessing that you're walking
through.
Many of
you have been struggling, and you're
not going to struggle
anymore.
There's financial breakthrough coming
for you.
I see you walking through this
place of great provision
where the devourer has
been rebuked.
You're going to start to walk in
great provision.
There's going to be blessing on the
right and blessing on the
left, and it will seem like it's
overtaking you.
When you get to the other side, I
see
so much surplus you won't know
what to do with it all because it's all
around your feet. The
blessing is
coming up on
you
as it's being brought. You know
how you have a net?
A
dredge is coming up beside
both of you,
and you're walking through this place of
great green grass.
This gathering of the wealth
from both the right and the left will
come up and overtake you.
And when you get to the place where
the path ends, you'll look around you
and there'll be no lack.
There'll be so much you'll have to
distribute all around. There'll be
distribution all around,
a distribution
center. And
there are
gold beads; gold
by day. There's
gold that looks like corn
kernels
for the supply.
For the Lord said,
'For he takes pleasure in the prosperity
of his
servants.'I
take pleasure in it, Brandon. That's
what he said. 'I take pleasure in the...
find it, Brandon. I take pleasure, for he
takes pleasure in the prosperity of his
servants.'That's
what the Lord said.
Thank
you, Lord. It's time for the abundance;
it's time for the wealth transfer. We're
calling it out.
Psalm
35:27:
'Let them shout for joy and be glad that
favor my righteous cause. Yea, let them
say continually, "Let the Lord be
magnified, which hath pleasure in the
prosperity of his
servant."'Let
the Lord be magnified,
which hath pleasure
in the prosperity of his servants.
Let them shout for joy. So what are we
going to do? We're going to shout for
joy and be glad that
favor my righteous cause. Yea, let them
say continually,
'Let the Lord be magnified, which
hath
pleasure in the prosperity of his
servants.'Look
at the wealth of the sinners laid
up for the righteous.
O
Lord,
praises
to your name,
O
Lord.
For Proverbs
13:22,
'A good man leaveth an inheritance
to his
children's children, and the wealth of
the sinner is laid up for the
just.'That's
what's about to happen: to have
an inheritance for your children's
children's children. What's
interesting is we won't have to worry
about that because we're out of time.
Jesus is coming.
Isn't that amazing? We're a generation
that won't taste death. Doesn't mean we
can't bless our kids.
Proverbs 13:22,
a good man—write
it down—leaveth
an inheritance to his children's
children, and the wealth of the sinner
is laid up for the just. Either you
believe it or you don't.
Thank you, Lord, that we've got Bill Gates;
all his corrupt money is coming over to the
body of Christ. All the corrupt money of
Warren Buffett and all the corrupt money
of Jeff Bezos and the corrupt money of
George
Soros—all
of them. The wealth of the sinner
is laid up for the just.
A good man leaves an inheritance to his
children's children, and the wealth of
the sinner is laid up for the just.
Either you believe it or you don't.
The Lord takes pleasure. Psalm
35:27:
'Let them shout for joy and be glad that
favor his righteous cause. Yea, let them
say continually, "Let the Lord be
magnified, which hath pleasure in the
prosperity of his
servant."'Some
of you didn't even know that was in
the Word.
That's why it doesn't pay to be
ignorant
of what God says about it.
Either you believe in his covenant
rights or you don't. You can either grab
onto
poverty or you can grab onto what
he says gives him pleasure.
What is it?
A good man leaves an inheritance to his
children's children, and the wealth of
the sinner is laid up for the just. So
how are you going to leave a blessing
for your children's children if you're
broke?
If you say, 'Well, Brandon,
are
you leaving prosperity gospel?'Yes, but
I don't believe in hoarding it up. I
believe in giving it out and helping
people. I'm
not going
to grab onto poverty. If
you want to grab onto it, fine. But God
doesn't even want it. In Proverbs, two of
them right there:
'Beloved, I wish above all things
that thou mayest prosper
and be in health even as your soul
prospers.'You
go,
'I
don't
want it.'Well, then be broke then.
John
1:2:
'Beloved,
I wish above all things that thou mayest
prosper and be in health even as your
soul prospers.'So grab ahold of the
prosperity or grab ahold of the
poverty; that's your choice.
He wants you to have more than enough.
And either you believe it or you don't. Out
of the
mouth of two or three witnesses,
let every word be established. I just
gave you three
and y'all choke on it.
Oh, here's another one for you:
Deuteronomy 8:18.
'But thou shalt remember the Lord thy
God, for it is he that gives thee
power to get wealth, that he may
establish his covenant, which he swore to
the fathers as it is this day.'He wants
to establish his covenant with you.
God's a covenant-keeping God. God is a
blessing God. God wants you to walk in
abundance; he doesn't want you to walk
in poverty.
Look, he wants to establish
his covenant with you.
So, is it about
naming and claiming it, blabbing and
grabbing it, and all the things people
mock all the time? Life and death is
in the power of your tongue. If you're
always talking poverty, out of the
abundance of the heart the mouth speaks,
you're going to walk in poverty. But
I'm going to say it out of my mouth: I
have creative ideas to get wealth. He's
going to tell me how to do it. Why?
Because he's going to establish his
covenant with Brandon Biggs.
So don't hate me whenever you see my
harvest
because it's coming.
I know the cryptos that I've invested in
and the one the
Lord's told me is going to make me a
billionaire. Don't hate
me.
I'm telling you it's coming.
'The blessing of the Lord maketh rich and
adds no sorrow with
it.'Proverbs
10:22: 'The blessing of the Lord, it
makes rich
and adds no sorrow with it.'That means
there's blessing without sorrow. It
means
you ain't
having a bad day;
you're full of joy. Why? He said good
days are coming for the body of Christ.
Days of fun have just
begun.
Either you believe it or you don't.
Why is it so easy to
rebuttal
that? People get so mad.
But he wants you to believe him for
more.
The wealth of the sinner is laid up for
the righteous.
Why not?
Satan comes and tries to offer you
everything under the sun and say,
'Listen, this is what I'm going to do;
you do this for
me.'But
God said it's all mine.
And the devil's a copycat.
So he wants to copy and do what God
will do for the righteous if you're dead
to self and he can trust you with it.
It's when you're righteous.
'The blessing of the Lord maketh rich and
adds no sorrow with
it.'So
if you're in right standing with God,
he doesn't have a problem with it. It's
whenever you are letting things
control you.
'Let them shout for joy and be glad
that favor my righteous cause.
Yea,
let them say continually,
"Let the Lord be magnified, which hath
pleasure in the prosperity of his
servant."'I'm
telling you, you want to make a devil
mad.
That's why he hates the Greens, the
people of Hobby Lobby and Mart
Green, because
I know for a fact they give
to
ministries and blessing. They're
the ones that bailed out ORU. I
think it was $56 million,
and if they hadn't had it, ORU would
have been closed.
But God used a billionaire named Green
from
Hobby Lobby that spoke to his heart and
said, 'Bail out
ORU.'ORU
is where my wife graduated.
She got her bachelor's there and
has
her counseling and everything.
If he wouldn't
have built
that up,
they would have closed it down.
Thank God, it's a good
godly school. They teach the Word there;
they love the Lord.
But it took people called the Greens
that had Hobby Lobby, 400 stores
nationwide. They said, 'Hey, I can write
a check for
that.'Imagine
being able to give a school
$56
million—whatever
it was,
a lot of money.
Write a check
and say, 'Listen, we don't want you to
close it down,'where you're the only
God-fearing school around,
because other than that, you have to go
to a secular school.
So, let's write a check for that
because
they would have closed the doors.
Thank God for the Greens.
Thank God for Mardel. Thank God
so many people have been blessed going
to ORU, and the Mabee
Center would be called something else
because
a secular school would have come in
and bought that place and they'd be
making it a secular school right now.
But now the Glory Dome will be the Mabee
Center
because the Greens stood in and helped
buy it.
Thank God. So, who else wants to be a
Green?
Who wants to write a $58 million check?
Do you?
Can God trust you with it?
Could you choke on it if he told you and
you were a billionaire? If he told you, 'I
want you to write them a check so they
don't lose it all,'and you go,
'That's a lot of money.'That's why you
don't have it.
The Greens did it.
Thank God for them.
I don't know why I'm supposed to say all
this stuff tonight.
Stretch yourself.
Praise ye the Lord. Blessed is the man
that feareth the Lord, that
delighteth
greatly in his commandments.
His seed shall be
mighty upon the earth. The generation of
the upright shall be blessed. Wealth and
riches shall be in his house,
and
his righteousness endureth forever.
Thank you.
That's a good one, Braden.
I never had that before.
As you could see,
Father, we just thank you, Lord,
for this night of
prayer. And we lift up Cuba before you.
We lift up our nation. We thank you,
Lord Father, that people grasp a hold of
what you have for them in these end
times. And we believe we receive the
wealth transfer tonight.
We believe as we latch on to those
scriptures that it's not meant for us
to barely get by. It's meant for us
to have more than enough. And Father,
the wealth of the sinner, from Elon
Musk to all these people, Father, will
rain down on the righteous. And Father,
you'll say, 'Know when to hold them,
know when to fold
them,'and
you'll show us when we're
supposed to get out and what we're
supposed to do because God, whatever
you say to do, we'll do it. And Father,
I bless every person here tonight that's
believing for big, that they don't choke on
the blessing that you have for
us. That we latch on, Father, and
we
stretch our faith for exceedingly
abundantly above all that we dare ask or
think. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
the wealth doesn't control us.
We control it, and we use it as a
hammer, like a skilled
carpenter or a pipe wrench to a
skilled plumber.
We believe, Father, that that is what
you want for your body, for we
are the body of Christ and we will not
be shying back from what you
have for us. We'll have every good and
perfect thing God has for us in these
last days.
Thank you, Father, that the churches
that are represented here will be
debt-free.
Father, we'll have more than enough to
prepare for what's coming.
And that, Father, we will not be on the
bad side of it. We'll be like
Joseph
having the seven years of
plenty
getting ready for the seven years of
famine; Father, we are
people who will know when the
storms of life are coming and will be
prepared for such a time as this in the
name of Jesus.
Well, that was a little different,
wasn't
it?
Stir the people. You've got to know
because
nobody's teaching this stuff anymore,
how to believe God for more.
And people get attacked for it. Whatever,
attack. Enjoy your poverty.
Enjoy it. If that's what you want to
wallow around in, wallow in it. But I'm
not going to.
I'm going to believe God for this, for
what he just said in his word. Believe
God for it.
Didn't go out saying money grubbing and
asking people for everything. You don't
have to ask nobody for a dime. God will
bless you and you don't have to ask
anybody for nothing.
If they feel led to give to you, the
Holy Spirit will tell them to.
But you don't have to be a beggar.
Have a sign: 'Help me. Won't you help
me? Won't you help
me?'No.
Just let the light shine on
you,
and the wealth will come to you as you
display him.
As you display him. You don't have to be
a beggar.
Be a believing believer and just let the
light shine on you and watch what God
does.
You don't have to beg people.
People are always thinking you're like the
people on the side of the road always
asking for something.
You don't have to be
that. Just be a light,
and light attracts moths.
A light attracts things and
it comes.
Let light shine on you,
through you, around you. Be a light.
I said those polls in those states
represented a light, and the polls, those
people, those were places of
hotspots:
Tulsa, Arkansas, and the days ahead.
Watch what happens.
You're going to see major places that
are going to be put on the map and
you're going to go, 'Whoa, my goodness,
look at that.'It's because the light is
on it.
So, I've said enough tonight. I know
it's kind of different. I didn't
get really into the vein of what I
wanted, but
that's all right.
Every day is different. We'll do it again
tomorrow.
Tomorrow's Friday, and I hope
this has
blessed some of you.
We pray it blessed you. And we'll be
back. We'll keep praying. I'll
pray for our president. Pray for the
things ahead. All right. God bless you
all. We love you. Remember, put a smile
on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you. Have a wonderful night.
Bye-bye.